NAT traversal info (#485)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/_index.en.md

* Minimum supported Kubernetes version is 1.17.
* Non-overlapping Pod and Service CIDRs between clusters. This is to prevent routing conflicts. For cases where addresses **do
overlap**, [Globalnet](./architecture/globalnet) can be set up.

> * IP reachability between the gateway nodes. When connecting two clusters the gateways must have at least one-way connectivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IP reachability between the gateway nodes. When connecting two clusters, the gateways must have at least one-way connectivity
```

  to each other on their public or private IP address and encapsulation port. This is needed for creating the tunnels between
  the clusters. The default encapsulation port is 4500/UDP, and we use port 4490/UDP for NAT traversal & public vs private IP

>   selection, see [NAT Traversal](./../operations/nat-traversal) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the clusters. The default encapsulation port is 4500/UDP and, for [NAT Traversal](./../operations/nat-traversal),  port 4490/UDP is used.
```

Author: That wouldn't be correct, it's not a port that we use to "traverse nat" but to do the selection/detection. I'll try to phrase it in a clearer way.

* Minimum supported Kubernetes version is 1.17.
* Non-overlapping Pod and Service CIDRs between clusters. This is to prevent routing conflicts. For cases where addresses **do
overlap**, [Globalnet](./architecture/globalnet) can be set up.

> * IP reachability between the gateway nodes. When connecting two clusters the gateways must have at least one way connectivity
> to each other on their public or IP address and encapsulation port. This is needed for creating the
> IPsec tunnel between the clusters. The d efault encapsulation port is 4500/UDP. See [NAT Traversal](./../operations/nat-traversal)
> for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* IP reachability between the gateway nodes. When connecting two clusters the gateways must have at least one-way connectivity to each other on their public or private IP address and encapsulation port. This is needed for creating the IPsec tunnel between the clusters. The default encapsulation port is 4500/UDP. See [NAT Traversal](./../operations/nat-traversal)
for more details.
```
